now it shall come to pass when all these
now it shall come to pass when all these things come upon you the blessing and
things come upon you the blessing and
things come upon you the blessing and the curse which I have set before you
the curse which I have set before you
the curse which I have set before you and you call them to mind among all the
and you call them to mind among all the
and you call them to mind among all the nations where the Lord your God drives
nations where the Lord your God drives
nations where the Lord your God drives you and you return to the Lord your God
you and you return to the Lord your God
you and you return to the Lord your God and obey his voice according to all that
and obey his voice according to all that
and obey his voice according to all that I command you today you and your
I command you today you and your
I command you today you and your children with all your heart and with
children with all your heart and with
children with all your heart and with all your soul that the Lord your God
all your soul that the Lord your God
all your soul that the Lord your God will bring you back from captivity and
will bring you back from captivity and
will bring you back from captivity and have compassion on you and gather you
have compassion on you and gather you
have compassion on you and gather you again from all the nations with the Lord
again from all the nations with the Lord
again from all the nations with the Lord your God has scattered you if any of you
your God has scattered you if any of you
your God has scattered you if any of you are driven out to the farthest parts
are driven out to the farthest parts
are driven out to the farthest parts under heaven from there the Lord your
under heaven from there the Lord your
under heaven from there the Lord your God will gather you and from there he
God will gather you and from there he
God will gather you and from there he will bring you
then the Lord your God will bring you to
then the Lord your God will bring you to the land which your father's possessed
the land which your father's possessed
the land which your father's possessed and you shall possess it he will prosper
and you shall possess it he will prosper
and you shall possess it he will prosper you and multiply you more than your
you and multiply you more than your
you and multiply you more than your father's and the Lord your God will
father's and the Lord your God will
father's and the Lord your God will circumcise your heart and the heart of
circumcise your heart and the heart of
circumcise your heart and the heart of your descendants to love the Lord your
your descendants to love the Lord your
your descendants to love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all
God with all your heart and with all
God with all your heart and with all your soul that you may live
also the Lord your God will put all
also the Lord your God will put all these curses on your enemies and on
these curses on your enemies and on
these curses on your enemies and on those who hate you who persecuted you
those who hate you who persecuted you
those who hate you who persecuted you and you will again obey the voice of the
and you will again obey the voice of the
and you will again obey the voice of the Lord and do all his commandments which I
Lord and do all his commandments which I
Lord and do all his commandments which I command you today the Lord your God will
command you today the Lord your God will
command you today the Lord your God will make you abound in all the work of your
make you abound in all the work of your
make you abound in all the work of your hand in the fruit of your body in the
hand in the fruit of your body in the
hand in the fruit of your body in the increase of your lifestyle and in the
increase of your lifestyle and in the
increase of your lifestyle and in the produce of your land for good for the
produce of your land for good for the
produce of your land for good for the Lord will again rejoice over you for
Lord will again rejoice over you for
Lord will again rejoice over you for good as he rejoiced over your father's
good as he rejoiced over your father's
good as he rejoiced over your father's if you obey the voice of the Lord your
if you obey the voice of the Lord your
if you obey the voice of the Lord your God to keep his Commandments and his
God to keep his Commandments and his
God to keep his Commandments and his statutes which are written in this book
statutes which are written in this book
statutes which are written in this book of the law and if you turn to the Lord
of the law and if you turn to the Lord
of the law and if you turn to the Lord your God
your God
your God with all your heart and with all your
with all your heart and with all your
with all your heart and with all your soul for this commandment which I
soul for this commandment which I
soul for this commandment which I command you today is not too mysterious
command you today is not too mysterious
command you today is not too mysterious for you nor is it far off it is not in
for you nor is it far off it is not in
for you nor is it far off it is not in heaven that you should say who will
heaven that you should say who will
heaven that you should say who will ascend into heaven for us and bring it
ascend into heaven for us and bring it
ascend into heaven for us and bring it to us that we may hear it and do it nor
to us that we may hear it and do it nor
to us that we may hear it and do it nor is it beyond the sea that you should say
is it beyond the sea that you should say
is it beyond the sea that you should say who will go over the sea for us and
who will go over the sea for us and
who will go over the sea for us and bring it to us that we may hear it and
bring it to us that we may hear it and
bring it to us that we may hear it and do it but the word is very near you in
do it but the word is very near you in
do it but the word is very near you in your mouth
your mouth
your mouth and in your heart that you may do it
see I have set before you today life and
see I have set before you today life and good death and evil in that I command
good death and evil in that I command
good death and evil in that I command you today to love the Lord your God to
you today to love the Lord your God to
you today to love the Lord your God to walk in his ways and to keep his
walk in his ways and to keep his
walk in his ways and to keep his commandments his statutes and his
commandments his statutes and his
commandments his statutes and his judgments that you may live and multiply
judgments that you may live and multiply
judgments that you may live and multiply and the Lord your God will bless you in
and the Lord your God will bless you in
and the Lord your God will bless you in the land which you go to possess
but if your heart turns away so that you
but if your heart turns away so that you do not hear and are drawn away and
do not hear and are drawn away and
do not hear and are drawn away and worship other gods and serve them I
worship other gods and serve them I
worship other gods and serve them I announce to you today that you shall
announce to you today that you shall
announce to you today that you shall surely perish
surely perish
surely perish you shall not prolong your days in the
you shall not prolong your days in the
you shall not prolong your days in the land which you cross over the Jordan to
land which you cross over the Jordan to
land which you cross over the Jordan to go in and possess I call heaven and
go in and possess I call heaven and
go in and possess I call heaven and earth as witnesses today against you
earth as witnesses today against you
earth as witnesses today against you that I have set before you life and
that I have set before you life and
that I have set before you life and death blessing and cursing therefore
death blessing and cursing therefore
death blessing and cursing therefore choose life that both you and your
choose life that both you and your
choose life that both you and your descendants may live that you may love
descendants may live that you may love
descendants may live that you may love the Lord your God that you may obey his
the Lord your God that you may obey his
the Lord your God that you may obey his voice and that you may cling to him for
voice and that you may cling to him for
voice and that you may cling to him for he is your life and the length of your
he is your life and the length of your
he is your life and the length of your days
and that you may dwell in the land which
and that you may dwell in the land which the Lord swore to your father's to
the Lord swore to your father's to
the Lord swore to your father's to Abraham Isaac and Jacob to give them